Improve technical documentation (#4308)
xournalpp/xournalpp: readme/LinuxBuild.md

  librsvg2-devel gtksourceview4-devel
```

#### For Ubuntu/Debian and Raspberry Pi OS:
```sh
sudo apt-get install cmake libgtk-3-dev libpoppler-glib-dev portaudio19-dev libsndfile-dev \
  dvipng texlive libxml2-dev liblua5.3-dev libzip-dev librsvg2-dev gettext lua-lgi \
  libgtksourceview-4-dev
```

#### For openSUSE:
```sh
sudo zypper install cmake gtk3-devel portaudio-devel libsndfile-devel \
  texlive-dvipng texlive libxml2-devel libpoppler-glib-devel libzip-devel librsvg-devel lua-devel lua-lgi \
  gtksourceview4-devel
```

#### For Solus:
```sh
sudo eopkg it -c system.devel
sudo eopkg it cmake libgtk-3-devel libxml2-devel poppler-devel libzip-devel \
  portaudio-devel libsndfile-devel alsa-lib-devel lua-devel \
  librsvg-devel gettext libgtksourceview-devel
```

## Building and Testing

See [Compile.md](./Compile.md)

## Building Documentation

The code documentation is generated using Doxygen. Both Doxygen and graphviz must be
installed. For example, with apt:

```sh
sudo apt install doxygen graphviz
```

Then, execute `doxygen` in the root directory of the repository. The documentation

> can be found in `doc/html` and `doc/latex`. Conveniently view it in a browser with
> `python3 -m http.server 8000` and visit the URL it shows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be found in `doc/html` and `doc/latex`. Launch a server hosting the files with
`python3 -m http.server 8000` and visit the URL that the command shows.
```

## Packaging and Installation

### Packaging

Please ensure that the `translations` target has been built before
attempting to generate any package.
```sh
cmake --build . --target translations

> ```

Reviewer: This is outdated and can be removed; the translations target will always run for the build target.

Author: Ah, I was wondering about that - I'll make those changes :+1:
